what's up guys just want to show off my
WWE belt collection these are all adult
size replicas first off we have the WWE
Championship belt
John Cena nameplate this is the metal
version not the commemorative plastic
one next we have the Triple H nameplate
on the World Heavyweight Championship
belt currently on Smackdown over here
you're gonna see the version two
undisputed heavyweight belt with a
custom JBL nameplate I had a custom made
up back in the day when before they even
made those but the probably make them
now and I actually had the center plate
curved so it doesn't look as big I think
it looks much better with the curved
plate next we have the WWE actually the
WWF winged eagle with the WWF block
lettering on the top there next I'm
going to show you the WWF attitude belt
with the WWF logo on the top there next
we have the Intercontinental heavyweight
championship belt this is the old-school
belt with the WWF black block lettering
on the top and down here we have the WWE
cruiserweight championship belt with a
Rey Mysterio nameplate and here is my
Rey Mysterio mask which is pretty cool
colors so I got it and down here we have
the WWE United States Championship belt
with John Cena nameplate and over here
is the John Cena US title the spinner
belt go ahead and spin it for you a
little bit and I'll show you a couple of
my new belts the toy Mattel ones of
course got the World Heavyweight
Championship belt there and tobi w e
championship belt the spinner one and
over here I got the ECW title Mattel won
all right have any questions hit me up
see ya
you